# NoNodePhysics

[Chinese](README.md)

Implements physics functionality bypassing the node tree via a global singleton, aiming to optimize performance.

## GlobalAreaManager

A global Area manager. The QuickArea created by this manager can not only collide normally with other Areas generated by the same manager, but also collide with external Area2D nodes.

The core functionality is collision detection. For performance reasons, some features of Area2D nodes are not implemented.

Regarding "collision with external Area2D nodes":
- On one hand, QuickArea can correctly detect external Area2D nodes.
- On the other hand, Area2D nodes can also detect QuickArea, but will only accurately send shape-level signals.

### QuickArea

Current QuickArea implementation:
- Focuses on core functionalities like collision detection and signal emission, without handling properties like gravity or damping.
	- These were found to slow down performance in tests.Provides related set method encapsulation.
- The signal system focuses on overall Area entry and exit events, without shape-level signals.
- Currently, an area supports only one shape.

### Manager

- Set as the Area2D type primarily so that when colliding with external Area2D nodes, there's no need to modify the signal function parameter types.

## TODO
- Global Query Manager
  - Goal: Replace RayCast2D and ShapeCast2D.
- Global Physics Entity Manager
  - More complex, implementation postponed.

## Known Issues
- When the number of collisions is high, the Godot editor debugger may fail.
